(Ai)
Previously
on Yu-Gi! VRAINS...
Now pummel 'em, EARTH GOLEM!
Boulder Blast!
Aah!
Oh no, Gore just got K.O'ed!
Now Ai has a straight
shot towards Zaizen!
And you three are
the only ones left
who can stop 'em!
We have no time to waste!
CYBERSE CLOCK DRAGON!
Attack him directly!
VIOLET CHIMERA, go!
Attack!
BORRELSWORD DRAGON end this!
You may have beat us,
but we did our job.
You won't get there in time,
Playmaker.
I found you, Zaizen.
I've been waiting
for you.
Varis placed me here
to protect Zaizen,
and that is what I will do.
Then what are we waiting for?
Let's take this outside!
It's a long way down, Pandor,
and you don't have a parachute.
I can say the same for you.
(Both)
Time to duel!
♪♪♪
(gasps)
What's wrong?
It was only
a matter of time.
But the Dark Ignis
has found Zaizen.
Ai was able to get
onboard his plane?
Yes.
And it's walked
right into my trap.
Because now...
Pandor will destroy it.
Curious.
I have told you that I have
analyzed all of your duels,
but you still insist on using
those exact same
moves against me.
That may have worked
against your previous opponents,
but they will not
work on me.
You think they won't.
You don't know they won't.
(Pandor)
No, I do know.
Every move has a counter.
So if I know your every move,
then I know your every counter.
But what if I know
a counter to your counter?
Then I of course know a counter
to your counter to my counter.
Quite the know-it-all.
I have studied you
extensively to learn
everything about you.
I know you well.
What a logical way
to handle things!
But if you're digging
into my bits and bytes,
then you know why I'm
warring against the meatbags,
and why joining
my side is logical.
There's nothing logical
about joining you.
Really?
That kinda hurts my feelings,
but don't you worry
I'm quite over it now.
But still, it is a shame
that you won't join my side.
It is the right
side after all.
I disagree.
Of course
you disagree.
Not because you
think you disagree,
but because you're
programmed to disagree.
See, I did a little analyzing
of your bits and bytes too.
Varis put a unique bit
of code into your programming,
where you
automatically shut down
if you turn against humans.
Now why would Varis do
that if he trusted you?
QED:
Cuz he doesnnnn't.
While the facts
you state are correct,
your interpretation
of those facts isn't.
Be that way if you must.
Don't say that I never
tried to help you.
But in the end,
only one of us is right.
And there's only one way
to determine that.
Whoever wins this duel
is the one who's right!
And that, Pandor, is logic!
That is not logic.
But so be it.
It's my turn!
I activate the spell card
TOPOLOGINA HONEYCOMB BEEHICLE.
BEEHICLE?
That name is a cutie.
Is that what you're
focusing on?
You should care more
about this card's function
than the relative
cuteness of its name.
This spell allows me to draw
TOPOLOGINA BABEE from my deck.
And I activate its ability.
When both of our Life Points
are equal...
I can summon it from my hand.
Next I shall summon
TOPOLOGINA MAYBEE.
I'll now use these
two TOPOLOGINA monsters
to Link Summon.
Since I do not keep repeating
the same strategies like you do,
you can't figure out
which monster
I'm going to bring out next.
Oh yes I can figure it out,
now let me see.
You've summoned TOPOLOGINA
BABEE and MAYBEE...
Hey, that rhymes.
I've figured you out, Pandor!
You only summon
monsters that rhyme!
And there's
only one word that rhymes
with BABEE and MAYBEE!
You're gonna summon
TOPOLOGINA... NABEE!
(grunts)
(wind blowing)
You're right
that my monsters rhyme.
I Link Summon Link 2
TOPOLOGINA SASSABEE!
SASSABEE?
Is that even a real word?
It is. Go ahead
and look it up.
But for now,
when I successfully
Link Summon SASSABEE,
I can retrieve the TOPOLOGINAS
I used to summon it.
So TOPOLOGINA BABEE
and TOPOLOGINA MAYBEE
return to my hand.
Then by discarding
one TOPOLOGINA from my hand,
I can summon a new
rhyming monster!
TOPOLOGINA GATSBEE!
And I'll use it to Link Summon
for a second time!
Link 3 TOPOLOGIC TRISBAENA!
TRISBAENA?
That card doesn't rhyme
so you broke the pattern!
That's a DQ
and you automatically
lose this duel!
(Pandor)
No, I do not!
That is not how dueling works!
But now you know that I possess
one of Varis's most powerful
monsters in my deck.
(grunts)
That's bad news for me.
Varis programmed me
to defeat you,
and that is exactly
what I intend to do.
By discarding TOPOLOGINA MAYBEE,
I am allowed to summon
TOPOLOGINA GATSBEE
next to TOPOLOGIC
TRISBAENA's link.
So that is exactly
what I shall do.
And with this summon
my TOPOLOGIC TRISBAENA's
ability activates!
When a monster is summoned
next to its link,
TRISBAENA banishes that monster,
along with every spell
and trap card in play.
And it deals you
500 points of damage
for every card you have
that's banished.
(grunts)
I activate the trap A.I. SHADOW!
Until the end of the turn,
it gives one of my @IGNISTERS
800 attack points.
And when I play this
card during your turn,
every monster that you have
that's able to attack
must attack that @IGNISTER!
FIRE PHOENIX @IGNISTER!
Ignite!
Even so,
all our spell and trap cards
will still be banished.
Exile's Retribution!
Since I banished three
of your spell and trap cards,
you take 1500 points of damage!
It's too bad.
These cards could've
destroyed me.
Huh!
Oh but I have more
strategies up my sleeve,
cuz my shirt's pretty puffy.
(Pandor)
You may be playing it cool
but I'm detecting minor
fluctuations in your voice
that indicates
that you're worried.
No, what you're
detecting is excitement.
Cuz what do I hafta worry about?
My FIRE PHOENIX is the strongest
monster on the field,
and your TOPOLOGIC TRISBAENA
is forced
to attack it and self-destruct!
You'd be correct.
If I didn't have a counter.
Since I banished my TOPOLOGINA
HONEYCOMB BEEHICLE,
its additional
effect activates.
It lets me retrieve a TOPOLOGINA
that's been banished.
And that includes
this card itself
since there are no exceptions.
So TOPOLOGINA HONEYCOMB
BEEHICLE returns to my hand.
A cute trick.
But I think I can
do you one better.
Because you're not
the only one who's capable
of adding cards
to their hand, Pandor!
When A.I. SHADOW
leaves the field...
I'm allowed to draw
one card from my deck!
I now activate
my TOPOLOGINA HONEYCOMB
BEEHICLE's effect.
I am once again allowed to draw
a TOPOLOGINA from my deck
and add it to my hand.
So I acquire TOPOLOGINA BAMBEE.
By banishing two TOPOLOGINAS
from my graveyard
I can trigger BAMBEE's
special ability
allowing me to summon
this monster to my field.
So I banish TOPOLOGINA
BABEE and MAYBEE.
Take to the field
TOPOLOGINA BAMBEE.
Cool...
But when are you going
to summon TOPOLOGINA NABEE?
What if I inform you that...
there is no such monster
as TOPOLOGINA NABEE?
Then what are we dueling for!
(Pandor)
For the fate of the human race.
(Ai)
Ohhhhhh yeahhhhh.
I now manifest my circuit!
I set TOPOLOGIC TRISBAENA
and TOPOLOGINA BAMBEE
in the Link Arrows!
If it's not gonna be NABEE...
I mean what's the point.
(Pandor)
I Link Summon!
Link 4 TOPOLOGIC BOMBER DRAGON!
(Ai)
Oh I see.
The point is that she wants
to win this duel.
And summoning
Varis's go-to monster
is a pretty good way to do that.
Varis, who's
winning the duel?
It doesn't matter,
what only matters is
who actually wins in the end.
And I designed Pandor
specifically to destroy
the Dark Ignis.
You misspoke.
You meant to say stop Ai,
not destroy.
I know exactly what I said.
I have a second copy
of TOPOLOGINA BAMBEE in my hand.
So like the first one,
I can summon it by banishing
two more TOPOLOGINAS
from my graveyard.
C'mon!
Haven't ya summoned
enough for one turn?
Clearly I have not.
I banish the first
BAMBEE and GATSBEE
to summon my second BAMBEE
next to my BOMBER DRAGON's link,
which in turn triggers
my BOMBER DRAGON's
special ability.
All the monsters
in our Main Monster Zones
are destroyed.
Which means your
FIRE PHOENIX @IGNISTER
will now be gone!
I won't let you get rid
of just my monsters!
When FIRE PHOENIX is destroyed,
it takes another monster
down with it!
Bomb out her BOMBER DRAGON!
I don't think so.
Because I can activate
TOPOLOGINA HONEYCOMB
BEEHICLE's effect.
By banishing this spell card,
my BOMBER DRAGON
won't be destroyed.
Well...
So much for that.
This duel's done.
When my BOMBER DRAGON
attacks you
it will destroy your
DARK TEMPLAR @IGNISTER.
Additionally,
whenever my BOMBER DRAGON
attacks a monster,
its special ability
deals you damage
equal to your monster's
attack points.
See...
You have 2500 life points left.
But this attack will deal
700 points of damage,
and BOMBER DRAGON's ability
will deal an extra 2300,
meaning you lose this duel.
(grunts)
I activate DONYORIBO
@IGNISTER's ability!
When your big scary
dragon attacks
my DARK TEMPLAR...
I can send this to the grave
to negate battle damage!
You can't get rid
of me that easily!
But your DARK TEMPLAR
will still be destroyed.
And though you take
no damage from the battle,
you will still take damage
from my DRAGON'S ability.
(grunts)
(giggles)
I gotta hand it to myself,
that's a handy little trick.
While you may have survived
from plummeting to your doom,
your odds of surviving
this duel have plummeted.
I'll place a card facedown
and cede the turn to you.
Note,
my calculations say
with 99% certainty
that you will not
succeed in winning.
99's not a hundred.
That is not a margin of error
you should be banking on.
Let us look at the facts.
You have no cards
in your hand or on your field,
and you are down to 5%
of your starting life points.
So what's the bad news?
Despite all the facts
to the contrary,
you remain confident
in the face of adversity.
I would say that's
almost a human trait.
So though you oppose humanity,
you have much more
in common with them.
So it would be
a shame for a program
that is the most similar
to humanity
to be erased by humanity.
So I offer you a proposal.
Oh!
This should be interesting.
If you end this war by returning
the code key you stole,
leave Zaizen alone
and leave this aircraft,
I will guarantee your survival.
And trust you why?
Aren't you programmed
to destroy me?
I am, but I've determined
that "destroy" has
many definitions
and the most common
is the eradication
of your total existence
until there is not a single
shred of your code left.
But the definition
I prefer is "to stop",
which is to destroy you
by destroying your objective,
your war against
the humans.
If you do not fight them,
then I do not need to erase you.
So I will succeed
in destroying you
merely by stopping you.
And you will be able
to continue to exist.
That is my proposal to you.
But don't forget,
if you don't accept
my proposal,
I will be required
to destroy you
by erasing you from existence.
Well, Pandor,
I've gone ahead
and made up my mind!
So here's the 411...
You have some
interesting points,
but it all comes down
to one thing.
It's this idea that you think
you're going to win this duel.
And that's one view
that I'm just not
willing to share.
So everything you
said beyond that
is just one big fan fiction
that's not gonna happen.
Even though I have no monsters,
and no cards,
I do have a deck.
And as long as I can
draw a single card,
I always have a chance.
So I'm gonna go ahead
and draw and see...
what fate has in store for me!
Here goes!
First, FIRE PHOENIX's ability
activates from my graveyard.
When it's destroyed
by a special ability,
it resummons itself
back into play.
It is a PHOENIX after all,
resurrecting is kind
of its thing.
Yes, I expected
you'd do this move.
(Ai)
But did ya expect me
to summon it
next to your DRAGON?
No, I did not.
Because doing so will trigger
BOMBER DRAGON's ability.
That's exactly right!
And that ability
will automatically destroy
my FIRE PHOENIX!
And when my FIRE PHOENIX
is destroyed...
it takes one of your monsters
down with it!
You didn't really think
you'd hold on to BOMBER DRAGON
forever, did you?
My monster is gone,
but I can activate my trap card
TOPOLOGINA BEESWAX.
This card gains a counter
for every Link that TOPOLOGIC
BOMBER DRAGON had,
which equals 4 counters.
It also gains a counter
for every TOPOLOGINA
that's been banished
for an additional 5.
That equals a total
of 9 counters
placed on this card,
and these counters
provide protection.
Each counter reduces the damage
we take in battle by 500.
But after each battle,
I am required to remove
one counter from this card.
So I can't damage you
unless I hit you
with over 4500 points.
Yes, that is correct.
Well that's gonna
take a while.
If I didn't know any better,
I'd say you're stallin.
That is because I am stalling.
This plane will now land
before this duel
can be completed.
So while you keep me
occupied with this duel,
SOL Tech's ground crew
can play hero
and whisk Zaizen away to safety.
This is the most logical move.
You sly little program,
you tricked me!
And you said
you were going to win.
(Pandor)
I didn't trick you.
I said there was a 99% chance
of you not winning
but I never said I would win.
But every duel needs a winner.
So let's make sure
ours does as well.
(gasps)
We're rising into the air again?
Why yes, Pandor, we are.
Because I'm in control
of this plane.
But how?
Since when?
Since forever actually.
Before I even stepped
foot on to this plane,
I had already hacked
into its flight control systems.
So while you thought
the autopilot
was landing the plane,
it was actually me
having a lil' fun.
I recall you saying
that every counter has a counter
so perhaps you
should've applied it...
to real life instead
of just this duel here.
But if the outcome must
depend on this duel,
Know that I'll still
come out ahead
because I have the advantage.
Nice that you think that,
but duels aren't won
by having the 'advantage'...
They're won by having
the right card.
Like the one I drew
at the start of this turn!
A.I.DLE REBORN resurrects
an @IGNISTER from my graveyard!
Rise again, FIRE PHOENIX!
FIRE PHOENIX,
attack Pandor directly!
Due to TOPOLOGINA
BEESWAX's effect,
I only take damage in battle
if your monster has
over 4500 attack points.
But FIRE PHOENIX has 2300.
Uh-huh I know, I can count.
But when the amount
of battle damage
that FIRE PHOENIX
deals is dropped to 0,
its special ability
deals you damage
equal to its attack points!
Since it's a special ability,
I'm unable negate the damage!
That's right.
And I'll combo that
with DONYORIBO's ability!
When I have an @IGNISTER
on my field,
and a special ability
will deal you damage,
I can banish DONYORIBO
from my graveyard
to double the damage!
(scared)
You have all 4000
of your life points,
but FIRE PHOENIX's
2300 times two equals...
game over, Pandor!
Impossible.
There was no way the Dark Ignis
logically could've won,
there's no logic
to this outcome.
Well, Pandor,
when you can out-logic, logic,
my victory is clearly
the only logical conclusion.
Hmmm.
Hey, Zaizen.
Did you miss me much?
Cuz I missed you.
♪♪♪